Password Character Picker
=========================

A Firefox add-on that shows the position of each character in a given 
phrase, making it easier to determine the character at a specific 
position. Useful for those 'enter nth character of your password' 
security prompts of certain sites.


Build Requirements
------------------

The Password Character Picker add-on built using the Mozilla Add-on SDK
(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/SDK). Windows Powershell
is used to assist with the build process: Call Run.ps1 to test the
add-on in Firefox. Call build.ps1 to build and create an XPI. The latter
script depends upon the following:

  * NPM package 'jslint' (https://www.npmjs.com/package/jslint)
  * NPM package 'yamljs' (https://www.npmjs.com/package/yamljs)


License
-------

Copyright (C) 2013 Dan Stevens 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 
